My study employs multiple datasets either sourced or web scraped from several data providers. Each observation represents a restaurant. My dataset contains restaurant data, real minimum wage data, and median household data in 2018, with a total of 31,039 US restaurants. The restaurant data come from Yelp dataset, a subset of its businesses, reviews, and user data that include business information across 11 metropolitan areas in four countries, that is made publicly available on Kaggle by Yelp. Among 51,282 restaurants in this dataset, the number of US restaurants is 31,039, which is a sample large enough to be representative of all restaurants in the world. My restaurant data contain information about rating, review count, number of check-ins, days of operation, availability of parking, and city location of the restaurants.

The real minimum wage data are scraped from Labor Law Center and US Bureau of Labor Statistics. Labor Law Center contains data about minimum wage by states in the United States from 2013 to 2023. Since the Yelp dataset was published 5 years ago, I scrape the minimum wage by state data for the same year, which is 2018, to maintain consistency. The minimum wage by state data include minimum wage in 2018 corresponding to each state. I obtain data about CPI by states in 2018 from US Bureau of Labor Statistics in order to calculate real minimum wage. US Bureau of Labor Statistics only provides regional CPI (there are four regions: northeast, west, midwest, and south) and CPI in some metro areas. Thus, if CPI in a metro area is provided for a state that this metro area, I use CPI in the metro area for this state; otherwise, I use regional CPI for this state. For example, I use CPI in Chicago, instead of midwest CPI, for Illinois. The base period is 1982-1984. I merge CPI dataset with minimum wage dataset by state and calculate real minimum wage by the following formula: real minimum wage = nominal minimum wage / CPI * 100. The real minimum wage data include information about real minimum wage in 2018 of the state in which each Yelp restaurant locates in the United States.

The median household data are sourced from National Center for Education Statistics. The National Center for Education Statistics provides median household income by states in selected years from 1990 to 2018. The median household income is in constant 2018 dollars, thus I don't need to adjust for inflation because I use Yelp restaurant dataset and minimum wage (nominal and real) by states data in 2018. The median household data include information about median household income in 2018 of the state in which each Yelp restaurant locates in the United States.


